state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is alloca
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is alloca
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is alloca
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is alloca
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is alloca
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is alloca
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is alloca
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is alloca
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is alloca
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is bitcast
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is call
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is call
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 1
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.5
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.5
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 0.5
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.5
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.5
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.5
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.5
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.5
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.125
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.0625
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.03125
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.015625
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.0078125
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.00390625
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.00195312
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.000976562
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.000488281
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.000244141
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.00012207
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 6.10352e-05
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 3.05176e-05
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 1.52588e-05
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 7.62939e-06
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 3.8147e-06
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 1.90735e-06
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 9.53674e-07
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 4.76837e-07
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 2.38419e-07
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 1.19209e-07
execute Instruciton is ret
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is call
int externalDispatcher callprintf
hiout externalDispatcher callprintf
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is add
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is store
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is br
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is icmp
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is br
flasekkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
instruction is load
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is load
state weight is 0.25
execute Instruciton is ret
